Update Warning section in readme (#1180)
redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools: README.md

For detail analysis of how to setup and run local OpenShift Cluster using minishift, please follow this [wiki](https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools/wiki/Starting-Local-OpenShift-Instance).

## WARNING !!! Breaking Changes

This release `0.1.0` contains breaking changes mentioned below.

* The Components created with previous versions will no longer be visible in OpenShift Application Explorer view.
* The Extension will prompt the user to specify the context folder when creating new Components and then add selected folder to workspace.

> * New Component, Url and Storage objects are created locally in contex folder and not immediatly pushed to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New Component, Url and Storage objects are created locally in context folder and not immediately pushed to the cluster.
```
